feat: add `poo/abstraction/en` (#28)
readthedocs-fr/notions: poo/abstraction/README.md

- [Abstraction - définition, utilité et exemples](fr/ABSTRACTION.md)

***

# Abstraction

> > Original article authored [Antoine Tran](https://github.com/Tran-Antoine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Original article authored by [Antoine Tran](https://github.com/Tran-Antoine)

```

Author: `by` have been put again

## Table des matières

- [Abstraction - définition, utilité et exemples](fr/ABSTRACTION.md)

----

[EN]

# Abstraction

> Written by [Antoine Tran](https://github.com/Tran-Antoine)

> Translated by [QuentinBubu](https://github.com/QuentinBubu)

> This course relates to the abstraction notion, a fundamental principle commonly used in object-oriented programming. Abstraction allows, paradoxically, to bring both restriction and facility of access of different levels in a program, by the interface ticket. This principle is majority cover in the [dependency inversion principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_inversion_principle) definition, belonging to the principles of conception **SOLID**. It allow a most modular code, most clearer and secured. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course aims to explain abstraction, a fundamental principle commonly used in object-oriented programming. Abstraction allows, paradoxically, to bring both restriction and facility of access at different levels in a program through interfaces. This principle is mainly covered in the [dependency inversion principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_inversion_principle) definition, belonging to the **SOLID** conception principles. It allows a clearer, more secure, and more modulable code. <br>

```

> Although this principle is applicable to many language of programming, examples will be written in `Java` for this course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this principle is applicable to many programming languages, the examples will be written in `Java` for this course.

```

Author: All suggestions have been applied!
